LOGIN:

GENERAL PAGE LAYOUT:

-	TOP LEFT:		itCounts menu which includes Home, Categories & Contact.
-	TOP RIGHT:		This is the login / logout button.
-	MIDDLE:			The actions and details of the savings to be achieved.
-	BOTTOM LEFT:	Shortcuts to popular media; Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+.
-	BOTTOM RIGHT:	Main sponsor logo, General Assembly.

This is page 1, the "login" page.

Put in your email address, and a password for entry into "itCounts" actions.

If you are a new user, register your details to sign up.

HOMEPAGE:

This page is the default page, that starts the user with savings in the "water" category.

This page lists a topical fact, under the water heading that indicates savings to be made.

The "I'mIn" icon is a button that once pressed will take you to the actions page. 

ACTIONS PAGE LIST:

The list of actions shows the user which areas can be actioned to save (in this instance) on water usage.
Each heading is a button that covers the complete width of the page, and the grren border top & bottom of each heading.
The list includes, from left;	How many users are currently onboard with this action.
								The water icon.
								The action heading.
								The explanation of what is required from the heading.
								The target expectation of many users choosing this action. 

The user once has decided on the action, then pushes the button. This will move the user to the "Action Achieved Page".

ACTION ACHIEVED PAGE:

Once the user has achieved the action, they press the "I'mIn" icon button situated in the center of the page.
This button once clicked updates the numbers on the 3 headings below:	Joined, Completed, Saved.
The numbers then increase upwards and displays what the users action has achieved not only to themselves but to the overall database.
A green tick of success is shown once the user is successful.

MENU SECTION:
-	HOME:		Takes you to Page 1 by default to the "water savings" page.
-	CATEGORIES:	Takes you to the 4 individual savings action icons:	Water, Carbon, Power, and Recycle.

Each of these 4 buttons take you the ACTION PAGE LIST as indicated above, these will take you to the individual actions of each heading.









