APP VERSIONS;

	ITCOUNTS 1;	(free)
		-	Non login, user interface, personal input into saving the environment without the need to login or register either as an individual 		or group.
			It also has the advertising connections dispayed at stragegic times, periodically throughout the apps use.
			But this is not designed to be intrusive advertisement.
			It also does not show the "other user" and combined savings achieved.

	ITCOUNTS 2;	(free)
		-	A logged in version, again the personal input into davimng tyhe environment, but with the connection to the rest of the users 			showing real time savings, this includes, non loggedin users, loggedin users, and corprate users.
			Adverttisements strategically iserted at different times without it being intrusive.

	ITCOUNTS 3;	(free)
		-	Similiar attributes as above with the added sections of corporate groups being added to entice competiotion between work groups, 		this also could extend to sporting groups and organisations.

	ITCOUNTS 4; ($2.00)
		-	As above without the adverts.


Public Individual;

This app/website is designed to bring people together over the digital porthole, and give a sense of community in trying to improve the planet.
Each person can contribute by registering themselves and making little savings, that bundled together can make a huge impact to the environment.

-	WATER;
	For example reducing your shower time by 1 minute can up upwards of 8 litres of water per shower, thats just one person per day. Now trun that figure into 500 people pre day reducing their shower time by 1 minute equates to 4000 litres of water per day, 28,000 litres per week, 120,000 litres per month, 1,460,000 litres per year!
	Thats enought to fill 30% of an olympic size pool, with 500 people saving water.......
	Now equate that if 1000 people did this, or even 2000 people did this??


-	Reduce Carbon;
	Well for starters leave the car at home!
	-	Benefits to your health, lots of excercise, reduces fatigue, great for glutes etc.
		http://greatist.com/fitness/guide-biking-cycling
	-	Reduced your weekly expenditure, less fuel, wear & tear, parking. But it also reduces 90% of the current greenhouse emissions being poured into the environment.
	-	Catch public transport, walk to the bustop, train station, tram stop, and let someone else drive you to work.

-	Recycle;
		If you own an ipad, PC, laptop or even an iphone did you know that most newspapers have a digital edition full of color photos, interactive newsstories, updated peridically during thet day?
		The cost are the same, if not less for some editions, and can save you money, this goes the same for your favourite magazines. Magazines can be pruchased online for up to 75% less than what you pay in a newsagents. 
		Each tonne of paper recycled, or not used can save up to 13 trees. 

-	Power;
		Simple, switch of lights in rooms not being used, put sensor lights into the garage, on the patio, even in utility rooms, to ensure
		lights dont get accidently left on.
		Switch old light globes to LED, and save money over the life of the globe. Switch appliances off at tyhe switch, do you really need that standby light left on??

So come on, above are some basic principles to live by, and you can see in live time, how many more people are doing exactly the same, be part of the digital community, saving the planet for future use, we are only the current custodial owners, we need to leave it to the next generation the way we found it, if not better.

ARE YOU IN? I'M IN!



Corporate Group;
	Having an engaged workforce is proven in current studies to improve productivity, morale in the workplace, having staff feel disengaged from both the employer and the workplace is detrimental to productivity.
	This app/website is designed as a multi tool, to save the environment for the next generation but also as a handy tool to have your employees, link up in a combined effort to do their bit. It can be seen as a corporate initiative to encourage comradary in the workplace, develop some competitive gamesmanship between areas, improve communication flow between areas, and staff in general.
	The benefits to the company is active particiaption by employees, improved morale, culture of "feeling a part of a group", will improve attendance, worflow etc.

	You could have this app which is free to download in each of your employee's phones or desktops.
	Either individually or as a workgroup, enter their chosen savings and watch the numbers develop. As a workgroup, the "Payroll" section who as a group have saved 100 litres of water per day, up against the staff from "HR", who only managed to save 80litres per day can develop some friendly competitive banter, keeping them engaged as a group, which then extends to how they work together in more serious work situations.

	Tallys of goals achieved, numbers saved and then even posted at the end of each week, or month can be beneficial to being engaged as a group.



Advertisers;
	This new app/website is the game changer for people doing their small bit to save the environment. This app called "itcounts" encourages people to doe their small bit to save water, reduce carbon, recycle, save power, at the same time, save them money in the process.
	It also shows and demonstrates that their small savings mutilpied by 100, 200, or even a thousand can be dramatic, and benefit the environment in ways they could not previously believe.

	Now here is an opportunity to put your coporate emblem into stratgic places to show that you are onboard saving the environment, putting your company into the minds of the digitally mobile people. At the same time, generating a revenue stream with a connection to your online shopping. This would also connect into how shopping online has its role in saving the environment.

	Are you in, "I'm In!"

